docs: troubleshoot, project grant missing (#7216)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/support/troubleshooting.mdx

On their custom domain, e.g example.com, users need to host a WebFinger endpoint at https://example.com/.well-known/webfinger. When queried, this endpoint returns a JSON response detailing the issuer. Users would need to host the endpoint with the link to the ZITADEL issuer. Tailscale only looks up this endpoint once when a user signs up, and will only look up this endpoint again if the user needs to make a configuration change to their identity provider.

The requirements and a set up guide is detailed in the [Tailscale documentation](https://tailscale.com/kb/1240/sso-custom-oidc/).

## Login not possible. The organization of the user must be granted to the project

![Organization must be granted Error](/img/support/login_not_possible_error.png)

> ZITADEL does is not only capable of handling authentication but also authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZITADEL is not only capable of handling authentication but also authorization.
```

> This error message tells you, that a permission is missing for the organization of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message "Login not possible. The organization of the user must be granted to the project." tells you, that a permission is missing for the organization of the user. 
```

Reviewer: Which user? I assume the user trying to login to the project?

Reviewer: Shouldn't we say "project grant" is missing instead of "permission"?

Author: changed

You do have two organizations, an owner (Organization A) and a customer (Organization B).
The Organization A owns a Project, and has to grant it to Organization B, so users are allowed to authenticate.

> The error message tells that the permission is required, but the project is not granted to Organization B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message is shown to users of Organization B that the permission is required, but the project is not granted to Organization B.
```
